let you channel him with you victoria
snowy and in this video we will have with
you reviewer on here such a set of food
for kids sylvan tors and if you
interesting stay with me because
this collector
Oh very convincing and now we
let's take a closer look
Brik fast set looks like let's
let's see what we have in it in the field
we open it
there inside us, as always, beloved cat
spoons
to drool on what we have
so far no and let's get down to
open the gorochka yourself as always
sandwich storage and what are we
watch us in this wonderful set
there is
Karina so right now the camera catch the focus though
any camera focus
cameras, please, please, this is only mashka
maybe so come on let 's focus
like we have a fruit basket
It looks as follows order under
weaving
I adore doll miniature your effort
because in my opinion she is very
believable it is next we go 2
banana one closed banana another
open banana and already so cute to your
your little fairy could keep here
so here's a banana Well, it's all even
very cute little banana
two spoons and beast forks very
thoroughly and this is exactly not lose
further two plates which lies
croissant and I don't know how
this cake is probably 2 cups
i have similar easier plastic in
Reale with whom constantly there is in Peter
she's a little yellow the other greens inside
such a dark red analyte will be eternal
compote then two cookies here such
small tumble cookies
bunny she has two bowls of roses cohen
blue girl probably for a girl for
boy with ice cream you already know yes
Silva not detected anything q and two here
such are the big plates for which
there is no and tavern as I understand it 2
tomatoes and here's something green probably
salad and stuff that deserves my
single attention
this is something like that I don’t know
fryer
waffle iron fried eggs so it closes
I hope the cameras will try to give me focus
on the wound closes
written here sylvain families icon
something with a circle
open and your silva jack has
the cookie is just touching
imagine how and here
cool selmash when he gets it
deep fryer and even all the neighbors
envy
she will cook our silvania here
these wonderful faces for this same
sweetness set in my opinion very
well because there is not much food
there are not so many symbols of food
more nice sofitel your at the table
cover him to make it beautiful
stood you on the shelf if you are a child then
you module and maybe will play with everything
this good will not lose much
photogenic and oh my god how much
photos I 'll do this stunned
thank you very much for watching
I liked the set very good there
still it looks like a set with tools only
for cooking m all there tacks
pilgrims pan checks but he is current in
plans it was more important
well you understand yes otherwise and be not
could thanks again for watching everyone
the very best and see you soon
until